docs: debug commands, lifecycle steps, helm healing and deduplication (#87)
flant/addon-operator: LIFECYCLE-STEPS.md

# Steps of addon-operator lifecycle

> This document describes a detailed picture of an execution sequence of hooks and modules with information about binding context and values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes a detailed procedure of an execution sequence of hooks and modules with information about binding context and values.
```

Author: ```suggestion
This document is intended to give a full view of how [hooks](HOOKS.md), [modules](MODULES.md), [values](VALUES.md), binding contexts, and queues are interlinked within the Addon-operator's [lifecycle](LIFECYCLE.md).
```
